[demo] - clarify demo upgrade capability in Kubernetes (#5655)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/kubernetes-deployment.md

helm install my-otel-demo open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo
```

> > **Note** The OpenTelemetry Demo Helm chart does not support being upgraded
> > from one version to another. If you need to upgrade the chart, you must first
> > delete the existing release and then install the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}

The OpenTelemetry Demo Helm chart does not support being upgraded
from one version to another. If you need to upgrade the chart, you must first
delete the existing release and then install the new version.

{{% /alert %}}
```

we prefer to make use of the docsy shortcode for alerts, since it gives us more flexibility in styling

Author: I updated this note, and all other notes in this file to use the docsy shortcode

kubectl apply --namespace otel-demo -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/main/kubernetes/opentelemetry-demo.yaml
```

> **Note** The OpenTelemetry Demo Kubernetes manifests do not support being

> > upgraded from one version to another. If you need to upgrade the chart, you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> upgraded from one version to another. If you need to upgrade the demo, you
```

In k8s manifests the resources are not part of a chart.

kubectl port-forward svc/my-otel-demo-frontendproxy 8080:8080
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}

> `kubectl port-forward` will proxy the port until the process terminates. You may
> need to create separate terminal sessions for each use of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`kubectl port-forward` proxies the port until the process terminates. You might
need to create separate terminal sessions for each use of
```

#### Configure ingress resources

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}

> Kubernetes clusters may not have the proper infrastructure components to enable

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Kubernetes clusters might not have the proper infrastructure components to enable
```
